For easier reading and future reference, turn on your
printer, and click on the Print Document button. You
may save this document to a file, by clicking on the
Save Document button, but do not edit the text.

Six files have been generated:

(1) E:\My (2) E:\My Documents\Projects\WorldTime2000\Release\Captions.(3) E:\My (4) E:\My Documents\Projects\WorldTime2000\Release\EULA1.rtff
(5) E:\My (6) E:\My Documents\Projects\WorldTime2000\misc\Key Code 1.50
(3) D:\ISR2\Test\Register.rtf
(4) D:\ISR2\Test\EULA1.rtf
(5) D:\ISR2\Test\EULA2.rtf
(6) D:\ISR2\Test\Default.rkc

Include the first five files in your application's package.
Do not distribute the sixth file, the package registration
key code file. The registration key code file is required
for the generation of key codes utilized for application-
unlocking and trial-extension. You will be prompted to
specify the location of the file when generating such
key codes for customers. WARNING: No additional
programming of your application is required, but do
not recompile its executable file. Recompiling will
undo the modifications made to incorporate the
configured IntelliSecure R2 trialware lock.

It is strongly recommended that you backup up the
registration key code file on an external disk. Do not
rename any of the generated data files. Do not alter
your application's executable (.exe) file, and do not
modify ISR2RT.dat, a uniquely coded ISR2 file.

Your application, powered by ISR2 and its exportable
VSA-secure encryption technology, is now resistant to
unauthorized utilization, duplication, distribution, area
networking, decompilation, and code extraction.

You now have no need to cripple or feature-limit your
shareware as users will be restricted to the trial usage
period you specified. A hidden program usage log file,
named Report.txt and ASCII-formatted, will be stored
in every folder users install your application's .exe to.
Report.txt may be viewed using a simple text editor.

A log file contains detailed information concerning its
associated trialware package and tracks the specific
dates and times users enter and exit the application.
A log file does not contain any data that threatens
operating system or trialware package security.

Captions.dat, the second file generated, contains
language (dialog box text) translation information
and may be customized as necessary. Existing
translations may not be completely accurate.
Captions.dat is in standard .ini file format.

EULA1.rtf and EULA2.rtf are template end-user
license agreement documents meant for use with
shareware and commercial (registered) software.
The files are in standard rich text format (RTF).

Load the EULA1.rtf and EULA2.rtf document files
into a word processor, and change the text fields
indicated. Modify other information as necessary.
EULA1.rtf and EULA2.rtf are only templates files.

EULA1.rtf will be displayed to users of the shareware
version of your software. EULA2.rtf will be displayed
to users of the commercial (unlocked) version of it.
DataET Research cannot be held responsible for
the accuracy of the document files. Modify them
as necessary, but don't remove the .rtf format.

After modifying and saving EULA1.rtf and EULA2.rtf,
load Register.rtf into the word processor and create
a registration/order form. In addition to first and last
name and billing information, request the assigned
identification numbers of users. (The numbers are
automatically assigned when the users first install
your shareware package.) The Register.rtf file will
be displayed to users when they are ready to order
the commercial/registered/unlocked version of your
shareware. Include appropriate pricing information on
the form. Set the cost of registration at what you wish,
but remember that only one copy of your shareware
per user (per computer) may be registered as each
identification number is unique to the computer it
is assigned to and can unlock your program for
unlimited utilization on only that one computer.

You can have users send registration/order forms
to you by conventional postal mail (snail-mail) or fax.
You can also instruct users to send you registration/
order form information by electronic mail or telephone.
Just provide a telephone number or e-mail address in
Register.rtf, and instruct users to pay by credit card.

Again, there is no need to deliver disks, etc. that hold
the registered version of your shareware package to
users. You have only to ask users what ID numbers
they have been assigned. (ID numbers are shown
on-screen.) Then, you take the ID numbers and,
on the Disable Lock form page, transform them
into application-unlocking key codes that are
communicated (sent) by telephone or e-mail.

Once a user has received an application-unlocking
key code from you and fully unlocked his/her copy
of your shareware for unlimited utilization (unlimited
usage days and launches), thereby transforming it
into commercial/registered software, it will not be
possible for him/her to duplicate or network it for
use on an unregistered computer. Attempting to
do so will revert the unauthorized duplication to
the original ISR2-protected shareware version.
(In this way, dongles are totally unnecessary.)

If you encounter a problem, send an e-mail message
to support@dataet.com. For updates, visit DataET's
World-Wide Web site at http://www.dataet.com.

Copyright © 1998 DataET Research
